today's video we will go through the
events of 2015's horror comedy the final
girls spoilers ahead you have been
warned make sure to give this video a
thumbs up comment on what your favorite
part was and subscribe to our channel
for more
at the beginning of the movie we see a
teenage girl max waiting for her actress
mother amanda in a car while waiting she
sips on coffee and picks one of her
mother's actress portfolios lying on the
car's floor amanda finally comes back
from the audition max asks her how it
went amanda tells her that the director
recognized her as nancy from the 1986
film camp bloodbath camp bloodbath is
amanda's most famous film she is
frequently recognized for that movie but
her career did not go well after camp
bloodbath as the duo drives home they
start to dance to a song on the radio
while dancing max accidentally drops her
coffee on amanda's portfolio this
distracts amanda and the car swerves
they get into a fatal accident where
amanda loses her life
thankfully max survives
it is now three years later max has
still not been able to get over her
mother's death it is the third
anniversary of amanda's death
max does her morning routine as usual
that day however it is evident from her
face that she is sad as she watches an
old video of her and amanda
max's best friend is gertie in hopes of
cheering max up she picks her up to go
out
they go to a diner and meet one of their
friends chris gertie wants chris and max
to be together chris's ex-girlfriend is
also max's former best friend vicky they
have recently broken out but vicky still
likes chris however chris seems to like
max the group is there to study some
time later gertie's stepbrother and
horror film fanatic duncan arrives there
he informs him of a special double
feature showing of camp bloodbath
happening in the town since max is the
daughter of one of the characters he
wants her to attend it max doesn't want
to go but duncan somehow persuades her
the whole group goes to the theater that
night vicki comes there with her new
boyfriend in an attempt to make chris
jealous but she abandons him midway they
sit in the very first row and start
watching the movie after some time
someone drops a bottle of alcohol on the
ground and someone else drops a
cigarette on it this starts a blaze that
soon starts to take over the theater
moreover all the entrances are closed
suddenly max finds a machete on the
floor she then cuts a hole in the screen
the group steps out of it however as
they step out they find themselves in
the woods it is as if they have
teleported through the screen there is
no way for them to go back as they try
to comprehend what is happening a bright
yellow van stops in front of them the
group is stunned to see that this is the
van from the movie they were just
watching
the characters from the movie are inside
too one of them named tina asks the
group for directions to the camp but
they are in shock and cannot speak so
the van leaves the group cannot believe
what just happened they think they might
be having a psychotic episode or
hallucinating they also discuss the
possibility of this being a collective
dream but all this feels too real to be
a dream as they sit there in dismay the
yellow van arrives again tina asks them
the same question again this time chris
tells them to go straight the group is
left stunned again they have no idea
what to do after the van leaves duncan
sets a timer on his watch he seems to
have realized something they tried to
use their phone but do not get any
reception the van arrives for the third
time now duncan looks at his watch it is
precisely 92 minutes later tina asks
them for directions for the third time
however instead of giving them
directions duncan tells them that they
are counselors too he then asks for a
ride to the camera the group settles in
the van and drives to the base
duncan realized that when they walked
through the screen they entered the
movie but they do not know how to get
out of it so with no other way out they
drive to the camp with the characters
max's mother amanda plays the character
of nancy in the movie max sees her in
the van she is stunned and cannot help
but tear up they finally reach the camp
duncan suggests that they might be stuck
here for the rest of their lives vicky
wants to take the van and run away kurt
has the keys he is the typical douchebag
male character of the movie the group
asks him for the keys to the car but he
throws it into the woods they curse kurt
and go to the woods to search for it
while the group is distressed max has
found the golden opportunity to reunite
with her dead mother she talks to nancy
for a while she knows that nancy is one
of the first characters to die in the
movie the plot of the movie can't blow
bath is that everyone who has sex in the
film is killed by a maniac serial killer
billy murphy so max orders nancy always
to keep her clothes on as the group
searches for the keys they see a girl
coming towards them in the movie she is
killed by billy murphy while seducing a
stranger the group hides and watches as
the scene goes on eventually billy
murphy kills the girl and the stranger
like he does in the movie billy notices
the group hiding but he doesn't try to
attack them this leads duncan to believe
that he can only kill the original
characters from the movie but as he
tries to take a selfie with a killer he
stabs him with his machete killing him
the rest of the group runs away they try
running out of the camp but are brought
back somehow they are stuck in a loop
with no way out everyone goes inside the
camp house and sits in a circle the
original characters of the movie sing
happily while the others sit there
distressed
finally the protagonist of the movie
paula arrives at the camp she is the
only survivor of the film the one who
kills billy at the end the group decides
to stick with paula to stay safe or they
can end up like duncan too then they
choose to stick with the original
character of the movie to save them from
billy each of them sticks with one of
the characters vicky gets paula and tina
gertie with blake chris with kurt and
max with her mom nancy they stick to
their assigned characters trying to chat
with them
that night is the night nancy and kurt
has sex and get killed in the movie so
as nancy gets ready max comes into the
room to stop her she tries to explain to
nancy what will happen if she sleeps
with kurt but nancy doesn't understand
just then kurt comes into the room chris
too comes behind him gertie is
downstairs she knows that billy will
come inside the camp tonight and is
terrified of coming across him suddenly
billy appears outside the window gertie
screams everyone rushes to where she is
she tells him about billy murphy however
the characters think that he is just a
made-up story nancy then begins telling
the story of billy murphy the screen
goes black and white the group has been
transferred into the flashback it is now
1957 billy murphy is a teenager his camp
friends bully him a lot unable to handle
the bullying anymore billy locks himself
in the outhouse but the camp counselors
hated him as well they lit a firework
and put it inside the house locking him
in from the outside this gives billy a
third degree burn all over his body his
face is wholly burnt too
after being discharged from the hospital
he makes himself a mask and promises to
kill every counselor in the camp he
kills the counselor that did him wrong
and the blood splatters onto gertie's
face
as nancy completes telling the story the
flashback ends the characters see the
blood on gertie's face and are terrified
paula and kurt get in the car and try to
drive away but suddenly duncan runs out
of the woods in front of it as he
screams he is alive he is hit by the car
and dies
the accident causes the car to stop
current flies out of it and dies while
the car explodes and apollo dies too
paulo was supposed to kill billy at the
end now without her the group needs
another final girl they explain to the
characters that they are in a movie
since only a virgin person can kill
billy nancy and max are nominated as the
final girls nancy confidently offers to
be the final girl but vicky insults her
saying that she is the shy girl of the
movie and her only role is to die upset
nancy runs away from there max goes to
her and reassures nancy then the group
plans to kill billy at a slumber party
they dress tina in the life jacket and
mittens to prevent her from undressing
and attracting billy but she takes
several of vicky's adderall and begins
acting crazy but still insists that she
can do her job they plan to lure billy
into the house by making tina perform
her striptease before they execute the
plan nancy gives her a bracelet as a
souvenir max convinces nancy to come
with her when she gets out of the movie
she wants her mother back in real life
nancy agrees it is finally the time to
execute the plan tina starts taking off
her clothes the others wait patiently
for billy to arrive as tina shows her
breasts billy appears in front of her
she gets scared and into the trap set
for billy however billy is successfully
hit by the second trap he is jabbed into
the horn set up in the door blake comes
in front of billy thinking he is dead
but it turns out he is still alive and
kills blake
after all their traps fail the group
runs upstairs but billy comes after them
vicky and gertie get stuck under a
cupboard billy kills both of them max
chris and nancy jump out of the window
the house explodes but billy comes out
before he is caught in the flames he
chases them again they fall into a
puddle but before he can kill them nancy
starts reciting billy's story this takes
him to his flashback and they are saved
but billy 2 is in the flashback nancy
manages to get his machete they see
billy's sad story all over again but
they also notice his secret hideout then
they come back to current times they are
back in the puddle billy stabs blake and
kidnaps nancy max somehow brings blake
to a nearby chapel and runs to billy's
hideout max is determined to save her
mother this time in his hideout she
finds nancy tied to a chair in the
corner max tries to untie her hands but
billy appears before she can max attacks
him with a machete but billy throws it
out of her hand he then stabs max when
nancy hits him with the machete that has
fallen from max's hands the girls then
go back to the chapel to chris billy is
outside the chapel he is still not dead
nancy says her farewells to max and goes
out to sacrifice herself to protect max
and chris
max finally tells nancy about her being
max's mother she doesn't want to let
nancy go but has no other choice
after a tearful goodbye nancy goes
outside and starts to take off her
clothes billy arrives and kills her max
is now furious with much determination
she goes out to fight billy after a
fight she finally manages to cut his
head off the movie credits are displayed
in the sky as max and chris kiss
then suddenly they are sucked into the
movie again after a while max regains
her consciousness she sees chris lying
beside her in a hospital bed all of her
friends are there too the movie ends as
the group hears the doctors talk and
realizes that they are in the sequel of
the movie pam bloodbath
thanks for watching make sure to like
and comment on the video if you enjoyed
it and subscribe to the channel to see
more of these movie summaries
you